The Teaching Committee has given me the privilege just to share a few thoughts with you regarding my recent visit to Belgium.
So, unbeknownst to me, I was traveling from Seoul, Korea to Brussels, Belgium for the memorial.
The day, the terrorist attacks were to take place, if you can imagine.
So, we were to land in Munich and then change planes to go on to Brussels.
And so, because of having internet on the plane from Seoul to Munich, I was able to learn right away about the terrorist attacks,
to learn that the airport in Brussels was closed.
And so, I was able to make contact both with the Branch Committee in Belgium and also with the Branch Committee in Central Europe.
And the brothers are very lovingly and kindly were able to arrange to have a brother in Munich drive me from Munich to the branch in Salters,
where I was able to overnight and then the next morning the brothers drove me on to Belgium so that we could continue with the memorial.
Now, usually when there's been a terrorist attack like this, there are curfews placed, there are restrictions placed on traveling and public assembly.
And so, we wondered if it would be possible to even hold the memorial under the arrangements that had been previously made.
But thanks to Jehovah, the officials put no restrictions whatsoever.
And so, we were able to have the memorial as scheduled at the assembly hall with 1555 being present, which was a tremendous gift from Jehovah.
And just at the time when, of course, the brothers were kind of agitated because of what was taking place, it was such a privilege to be with them to be able to provide some comfort.
And then, just a few days later on Saturday, we were able to dedicate the brand new Kingdom Hall Complex in Antwerp.
This is a five auditorium Kingdom Hall Complex. It's quite a sight. There's a picture of it on our next study edition Watch Tower.
You can see the brothers working on that Kingdom Hall Complex.
Well, all the brothers in Belgium, despite the challenges, were very, very eager to send their love and greetings to all of you, and I want to convey that to you now.
Thank you very much.